December 2022

To Nan,

I finally wrote that letter you've always asked for! I won't give you the satisfaction of seeing me fumble at rhyming a poem, so a letter will have to suffice for now. At least it isn't a design doc (though maybe that's a good idea for the future 🤔). Also, I made sure to get at least 1500 characters, so I'm hoping that bumps my perf up this cycle, looking for a promo soon!

I've reflected over the past year to understand how my life has changed and to see if I am on track towards realizing my ideal future. Without doubt, the single largest change in my life has been you. In fact, I'm having a hard time remembering what my life was like without you in it (I promise I'm not losing my memory yet, despite what you may think!) nor can I picture an ideal future without you being a part of it. As I scroll through my photo album and reminisce, I'm constantly reminded how much our lives have become intertwined and how large of a role you play in my life. Not only have you changed my life, you've also changed me as a person.

I feel I've become a generally happier and more appreciative person. It takes a special person to make someone consistently look forward to the ordinary folds of life. That's especially true with me, given that I tend to view life through a lens of criticism, and consistently challenge what can be better, never quite being satisfied (and like me, you will never be satisfied, satisfied, satisfied). Despite this, time and time again you've made me get giddy over the smallest things, no matter how irrational it may seem. I never thought I would feel satisfied and content sitting at home, doing nothing but cooking potatoes, watching YouTube lifestyle vloggers, playing with a floofy dog, wearing hello kitty pajamas and cuddling, but here we are. Past Andrew would be shocked, to say the least.

A great example of just how much you've made an impact on me is exemplified with how often we talk. Every day, I await that blue bubble arriving in my inbox before 8am (even though I don't condone judging people based on their phone preference 😬). Like clockwork, it'll come and, with it, a guaranteed smile on my face (or at the very least a smirk). Even on the not-so-good days, if we're going through tough times, I can always expect a message before the start of work. This reassures me that whatever challenge we face, we'll work through it. You're the first person I talk to in the morning and the last person I talk to before bed. There's a reason for that: you help set my day up on a positive note and help me wind down from the stresses of a day by reminding me about all the good in my life by forcing me to reflect on the day, scoring it, and being mindful of the good and the bad. Most importantly, you remind me that there is a lot of life left to live and leave me looking forward to a future with you by my side, having more daily chats, video calls, sleepovers, days when we potato, unreasonably hot baths and much more than I can fit on this letter. Something I've never told you is that those talks always increase my day's rating by a solid 2.25, so 8.75s are closer to an 11.

When you stare at me with an enamored gaze, "mow"-ing, my heart warms up and reminds me how lucky I am to have someone who genuinely cares about me and loves every second spending time with me, even if I do feel my cat allergies acting up a teeny bit.

When we see each other after an extended time apart, the first, tight, hug always makes me realize what has always been waiting for me and question why I left in the first place. Though there is some weight in the saying "absence makes the heart grow fonder" 😉.

When you surprise me at home after a long day's work, I feel like a kid on Christmas, getting the present they've been longing for but had no expectations of receiving. You adopting my super optimized cooking habits are icing on the cake 😛.

When I see the scrapbook you gave me, I tear up a bit, not out of sadness, but of happiness for knowing I've found someone who cares about me more than I ever could dream of and who knew the perfect gift for me despite me making it easy for them. Best. Gift. Ever.

When we cuddle up and potato, I embrace every moment, even if I can feel the heat being siphoned out of me and the onset of hypothermia as the clock ticks. You found a good way to convince me to get you more LinkedIn pants, comfy jackets and branded t-shirts.

When you mint me a new coupon to unlock what's on your mind, I feel smug knowing that I'm hoarding this collection of invaluable tokens, just like you hoard your vacation days and jewelry, that will help me get one step closer to understanding how you tick. Believe me, I like tearing stuff apart to see how it works. This whole "dating" thing has been one big struggle not being able to take a screwdriver to solve my problems, so the next best thing has been your tickets.

When we walk and find random treasures on the side of the road, I am reminded how lucky I am to find a person who knows how to appreciate the value of a good deal 😛, even if some stuff (cough, protection, cough) are better left untouched.

When I wake up next to you and catch a glimpse of your racy adult stories, I can't help but giggle, knowing that you're anything but the vanilla I originally thought I ordered.

When you jokingly say "I bet Ando would do X" or "Ando is probably thinking Y", I'm consistently shocked, and quite frankly frightened by how accurate your predictions are. If someone didn't know better, they would have thought you've known me for all my life.

You always ask me "How have you changed since you started dating me". I thought of a few answers to that question:
Never did I expect to look forward to hearing the tea from random people's lives like it's the storyline of a captivating tv show.
Never did I expect to find myself watching a reality tv dating show, looking forward to next week's drama and making predictions as if I had skin in the game.
Never did I expect to be singing country music karaoke in my car, knowing all the words to the songs and belting out unironically.
Never did I expect to befriend a white fluffy beast who has an appetite for flesh and be able to face it without fear of death (ok maybe still a little fear, but we're getting there!). 
Never did I expect to be waiting anxiously on someone's messages every morning and night, feeling incomplete until that familiar ding sounds.
Never did I expect to actively go into every trader joes and see if this would be the one that finally had Ghost pepper chips (sadly it probably didn't) and make do with whatever other snacks seemed interesting but familiar.
Never did I expect to buy as much boba as I have from the same spot and now actively crave it. I don't think I've ever joined a rewards program until Teaspoon, but now it's starting to pay for itself.
Never did I expect to find a person who doesn't mind eating the same highly-optimized diet that I cook, or at least pretend to like it 😬.
Never did I expect to change a faucet or trim trees and enjoy every second, despite the "quality control manager" (aka mom) being a bit stringent.
Never did I expect to find a girl who would be obsessed with scavenging rocks on a beach (ok, moonstones), having fun in the moment and not needing anything fancy to be truly happy.
Never did I expect to be actively as goofy as I have without fear of embarrassment. Likewise, never did I expect to find someone who matches the goofiness, resembling vague qualities of a middle aged suburban mom.
Never did I expect to slowly turn into my partner, adopting their idiosyncrasies, and also have them slowly turn into me. No really, this is scary.
Never did I expect to enjoy physical touch or words of affirmation or really any of the love languages as much as I did. Hell, I barely knew what they were before meeting you.
Never did I expect for such a small girl to be able to tear off a door handle and pack such a large punch, physically and emotionally, even if you did give up on kickboxing (yeah, I didn't forget).
Never did I expect to search for gently rolling hills and find ones with ideal angles.
Never did I expect to catch a glimpse of antique stores in the corner of my eye and immediately think about sourcing that elusive 925 stamp, as well as other shiny goodies.
Never did I expect to have someone understand me to the point where they almost read my mind on a daily basis.
Never did I ever expect to do nothing at all and be perfectly content.
Never did I expect to be writing a letter to my girlfriend this Christmas, who would be coming all the way across the continent to meet my family.

Never did I ever expect to meet a girl as incredible, loving, perfect, and irreplaceable as you. I'm glad this magpie added one more item, even if it isn't very shiny, to her collection. Words can't describe how fortunate I feel to have found someone I fall in love with over and over again.

Thank you for making my life that much more fun and sharing all these experiences with me. I truly hope that I get the opportunity to spend the rest of my life with you and that I've found my forever person.

Love you,
Your tech bro
Andrew

P.S. This letter constitutes a coupon for one (1) letter each year for the rest of our lives. May not be combined with other offers. While supplies last.
